README.md, before:

# Re-Console
[<img alt="modrinth" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_vector.svg">](https://modrinth.com/modpack/legacy-minecraft) 
[<img alt="github" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/github_vector.svg">](https://github.com/Legacy-Union/Re-Console/releases) [<img alt="fabric" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/supported/fabric_vector.svg">](https://fabricmc.net/) [<img alt="adrenaline" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/built-with/adrenaline_vector.svg">](https://modrinth.com/modpack/adrenaline) [<img alt="kofi-singular" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/donate/kofi-singular_vector.svg">](https://ko-fi.com/omoso)

![image](https://github.com/ViolaFlower/Re-Console/assets/144749186/18b7ec50-0280-4c5f-b071-186f1572209d) 




![Information](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/e25570e1d156c711baad158a5565061b157a94e9.webp)

Re-Console is the official modpack for the Legacy4J mod! We try to acomplish the idea of if Legacy Console Edition never ended.
We use a variety of mods and resource packs to achieve this.

We always seek to be as up to date as possible regarding Minecraft versions and mods.
Re-Console seeks to push the ecosystem forward by always being up to date.

Re-Console currently supports Minecraft 1.20.4 and 1.20.6.

![Features](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/97029679acef552aaa93810310bee9e0f287dc5d.webp)

Re-Console comes with numerous features and QoL not found in the base mod or other modpacks.
It is built with configurability, performance and ease of use in mind.

### This includes, but is not limited to:
- Controller Support
- Lightweight and performant; built on the [Adrenaline](https://modrinth.com/modpack/adrenaline) modpack, for the most optimal, stable performance.
- Near 100% Legacy Console Edition parity
- Old Combat from 1.8
- Optional old world generation, spanning from Beta 1.7.3 to 1.17.1
- Some of the old LCE texture packs and Mash-Up packs

### There's also some extra QoL features that can improve the user experience, such as:
- Borderless Fullscreen mode (Mods>Minecraft>Video Settings to enable)
- Custom Color support
- Free multiplayer via E4MC, open to LAN and send the link to your friends to play!
- Input fixes for MacOS and Linux
- Optifine resource pack features


<p> Re-Console is available as a Packwiz project on GitHub, along with striving to use only open source or source available mods.

**Want to keep up with Development? Join the [Legacy4J Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/FJVbVgT9uS) for sneak peeks and updates on development!**


![Special Thanks](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/42bdd0b7ac744fbb277bcb8aea88598b682b9c07.webp)

- [bathtubfulloftoast](https://modrinth.com/user/bathtubfulloftoast) for making the [wiki](https://l4j.novassite.net/) for Re-Console
- [Devin](https://modrinth.com/user/devin) for maintaining the modpack
- [mzov_jen](https://modrinth.com/user/mzov_jen), for porting PACP to Modrinth + making a special compatible version for the modpack
- [S_N00B](https://modrinth.com/user/n00b) for making Console-idated, of which this project was inspired from

![Not your cup of tea?](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/0c70e2e9dcbf8b50e1aa6f41388ef26875661063.webp)

Thats fine! Consider checking out;
- [Console-idated](https://modrinth.com/modpack/console-idated) by S_N00B (Has LEM compatibility)
- [Minecraft: Console Edition](https://modrinth.com/modpack/consoleedition) by omoso and ViolaFlower Modding


# Need a server?
[![BisectHosting Partnership](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/3d811a958c28645cf1007ccc3d90cb282921bf7f.webp)](https://bisecthosting.com/raamviot50)

<details>
<summary>Credits</summary>

![Credits](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/60eabb80c3a86652dbc3b9323f70d5adc93a1d4a.webp)

# Developers
- omoso, Lead Developer
- Devin, Maintainer
- bathtubfulloftoast, Wiki Developer and Playtester 

# Assistants and Contributors
- bathtubfulloftoast, Wiki Developer and Playtester
- Cjnator38, contributor
- dbtderpbox, Playtester
- Lenuilu, Playtester
- phofers, contributor
- TheMinecraftArchitect, contributor and Playtester
- WilyIcaro, Assistant

# Special Thanks
- dbtderpbox for fixing a crash with AMD GPUs on Linux
- Devin/Intergrav, creator of Adrenaline of which this modpack uses some of the config files, and offering to maintain the modpack
- Hypersoop, creator of Simply Optimized of which this modpack uses some of the config files
- S_N00B for making Console-idated, which inspired this project
- TheMinecraftArchitect for porting the Tutorial Worlds to Java Edition



</details>

Commit message:

add notice of where reconsole is available
got stolen by 9minecraft!

README.md, after:

# Re-Console
[<img alt="modrinth" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/modrinth_vector.svg">](https://modrinth.com/modpack/legacy-minecraft) 
[<img alt="github" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/available/github_vector.svg">](https://github.com/Legacy-Union/Re-Console/releases) [<img alt="fabric" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/supported/fabric_vector.svg">](https://fabricmc.net/) [<img alt="adrenaline" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/built-with/adrenaline_vector.svg">](https://modrinth.com/modpack/adrenaline) [<img alt="kofi-singular" height="56" src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/@intergrav/devins-badges@3/assets/cozy/donate/kofi-singular_vector.svg">](https://ko-fi.com/omoso)

![image](https://github.com/ViolaFlower/Re-Console/assets/144749186/18b7ec50-0280-4c5f-b071-186f1572209d) 




![Information](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/e25570e1d156c711baad158a5565061b157a94e9.webp)

Re-Console is the official modpack for the Legacy4J mod! We try to acomplish the idea of if Legacy Console Edition never ended.
We use a variety of mods and resource packs to achieve this.

We always seek to be as up to date as possible regarding Minecraft versions and mods.
Re-Console seeks to push the ecosystem forward by always being up to date.

Re-Console currently supports Minecraft 1.20.4 and 1.20.6.
Re-Console is available on Modrinth. It is not hosted anywhere else.

![Features](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/97029679acef552aaa93810310bee9e0f287dc5d.webp)

Re-Console comes with numerous features and QoL not found in the base mod or other modpacks.
It is built with configurability, performance and ease of use in mind.

### This includes, but is not limited to:
- Controller Support
- Lightweight and performant; built on the [Adrenaline](https://modrinth.com/modpack/adrenaline) modpack, for the most optimal, stable performance.
- Near 100% Legacy Console Edition parity
- Old Combat from 1.8
- Optional old world generation, spanning from Beta 1.7.3 to 1.17.1
- Some of the old LCE texture packs and Mash-Up packs

### There's also some extra QoL features that can improve the user experience, such as:
- Borderless Fullscreen mode (Mods>Minecraft>Video Settings to enable)
- Custom Color support
- Free multiplayer via E4MC, open to LAN and send the link to your friends to play!
- Input fixes for MacOS and Linux
- Optifine resource pack features


<p> Re-Console is available as a Packwiz project on GitHub, along with striving to use only open source or source available mods.

**Want to keep up with Development? Join the [Legacy4J Discord Server](https://discord.com/invite/FJVbVgT9uS) for sneak peeks and updates on development!**


![Special Thanks](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/42bdd0b7ac744fbb277bcb8aea88598b682b9c07.webp)

- [bathtubfulloftoast](https://modrinth.com/user/bathtubfulloftoast) for making the [wiki](https://l4j.novassite.net/) for Re-Console
- [Devin](https://modrinth.com/user/devin) for maintaining the modpack
- [mzov_jen](https://modrinth.com/user/mzov_jen), for porting PACP to Modrinth + making a special compatible version for the modpack
- [S_N00B](https://modrinth.com/user/n00b) for making Console-idated, of which this project was inspired from

![Not your cup of tea?](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/0c70e2e9dcbf8b50e1aa6f41388ef26875661063.webp)

Thats fine! Consider checking out;
- [Console-idated](https://modrinth.com/modpack/console-idated) by S_N00B (Has LEM compatibility)
- [Minecraft: Console Edition](https://modrinth.com/modpack/consoleedition) by omoso and ViolaFlower Modding


# Need a server?
[![BisectHosting Partnership](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/3d811a958c28645cf1007ccc3d90cb282921bf7f.webp)](https://bisecthosting.com/raamviot50)

<details>
<summary>Credits</summary>

![Credits](https://cdn.modrinth.com/data/cached_images/60eabb80c3a86652dbc3b9323f70d5adc93a1d4a.webp)

# Developers
- omoso, Lead Developer
- Devin, Maintainer
- bathtubfulloftoast, Wiki Developer and Playtester 

# Assistants and Contributors
- bathtubfulloftoast, Wiki Developer and Playtester
- Cjnator38, contributor
- dbtderpbox, Playtester
- Lenuilu, Playtester
- phofers, contributor
- TheMinecraftArchitect, contributor and Playtester
- WilyIcaro, Assistant

# Special Thanks
- dbtderpbox for fixing a crash with AMD GPUs on Linux
- Devin/Intergrav, creator of Adrenaline of which this modpack uses some of the config files, and offering to maintain the modpack
- Hypersoop, creator of Simply Optimized of which this modpack uses some of the config files
- S_N00B for making Console-idated, which inspired this project
- TheMinecraftArchitect for porting the Tutorial Worlds to Java Edition



</details>
